You're doing fine, Regina...
Now, I want you to follow my hand.
Okay,
Shawn...
Tracking, tracking
tracking, tracking...
Excellent, Regina...
Okay, Regina... now I'm gonna put
this sheet
over you
until Kalyani gets here...
Okay, Shawn.
Who is it?
Kalyani, who are you expecting?
Uh, no one else, um... are you alone?
Of course...
So, you have some new tech to show me?
Is
that why you invited me over?
No, this is not just some other piece of
tech...
this is my masterpiece!
I'd like you to meet robo endo genetic
interface nano automation...
I call her Regina for short.
Thank you for
that...
I mean if I had to call her robo endo
whatever every time I talk to her that'd
be stressful!
Regina, stand up.
Command accepted...
Don't worry she's not gonna hurt you.
Um...
so her face,
it's so unique... but
who did you model that body after?
Who
else do you think I'd model her body after?
You think I’d model her after my
gold digging ex Ria... no, I modeled it
after
my
best friend... you.
That's sweet... it doesn't
take away from how creepy that
is, that's sweet.
Regina, I would like you to meet my best
friend,
Kalyani.
Nice to meet you...
Kalyani...
Is it safe to shake her hand, like she's
not gonna break it or anything, right?
She won't hurt you.
Nice to meet you, Regina.
Told you.
If I'm being honest, that was more like a
guy's handshake!
What did you expect, I mean she's a robot,
she's not just some normal girl.
Now remember, no one else in this family
knows about her...
so, loose lips sink ships.
Aye, aye, captain.
So, what did you build her for?
She has a range of abilities, Regina
go over your programming.
Okay, Shawn...
I have the ability to be a teacher...
I could be a maid for someone who is
barely
at home... I could be a police officer...
I could be a...
Sex bot!
No, Kalyani... that is not
what she's designed
for!
What is sex bot?
Okay, apparently not.
Regina, sit back down, I'm gonna finish
your programming.
Okay, Shawn...
I wish you would not do that, I do not
want her corrupted!
Shawn, you're so innocent and sweet...
don't you ever change,
bye.
Uh oh, Regina
don't say anything.
Understood, Shawn...
Shawn, you do realize it's two o'clock in
the morning, right?
Yeah, um I'm sorry mom I got tied up
working in here.
Who's in there with you?
Oh, nobody.
I could swear I heard voices.
I was just
talking to myself.
Well, alright... it’s late, you should get
some sleep.
Okay, I'm sorry I woke you, mom...
good night.
Good night.
Shawn, I don't understand?
You don't understand what, Regina?
I am no
body...
No, Regina... you’re not nobody.
I don't
understand...
you just told your mother that I am no
body...
I told her that, so she wouldn't know you
were in here.
I don't understand...
I lied to her.
I don't understand,
lie...
I wasn't truthful with her...
You're not nobody... come on over here and
sit down.
Okay, Shawn.
And now, Regina... I need to program you
with a new mode,
it's called quiet mode and it will be
activated
automatically every night at midnight.
What is quiet mode?
Quiet mode
you will talk
like I'm talking right now.
Okay,
Shawn... ready for programming,
please talk again...
In quiet mode, you will talk like this.
Analysis complete... activating
quiet mode, now...
Is this correct?
That's perfect, Regina... now I need you to
come with me
so I can program another thing for you.
Okay, Shawn...
Okay this is where I'll have to keep you,
so that nobody will find out that you're
around.
Okay, activate sleep mode
now.
Understood, activating sleep mode now...
Cute, reall cute... you enjoying yourself?
Oh, mellow out... so, Aisha told me to come
and wake you up
and her exact words were: tell that dork
to get up because breakfast is ready.
All right, tell her, I'll uh, be down
shortly.
Aye, aye, captain.
I'm about to head to the office.
Okay.
Bye!
Bye.
Did you tell him I said breakfast was
ready?
I sure did...
he should be down soon.
Thank you,
Kalyani.
Okay, well...I'm off to work now, bye.
Bye. Bye, Kalyani.
Bye, Kalyani.
Regina, power up.
Power up!
Man, I am such a nerd...
programming you to come online
in the Altered Beast voice...
Regina, I want
you to
activate cleaning mode, while I go down
and have breakfast with uh
Maggie, Aisha, and mom.
Command accepted...
activating cleaning mode now...
Morning everyone.
It would be, if a
certain person didn't keep
me up till two in
the morning
I know, I'm sorry, mom.
Don't worry about
that, Shawn... I'll go get your plate
breakfast.
Thanks, sis.
So, what was so important that it
kept you up until two in the morning
Uh, just some new tech I've been working
on.
Figures, I don't know why my brother
had to grow up to be such a nerd.
Yeah, it would be different if you'd make
an actual career out of it,
you should sign a military deal with
your friend Matthew Hudson.
Mom, you know how I feel about this.
Well, he's coming by for a visit later
today, I wish you'd reconsider.
Come on, mom... if he doesn't want to we
should be more understanding.
Thanks, sis.
Are you okay?
Yeah... um,
I've got to go do something...
I can't believe he's such a loser.
Leave
him alone!
Children behave!
Regina, what are you doing out here?
I was
looking for you, Shawn...
Why are you in quiet mode, it is not past
midnight?
I'm in quiet mode, because I don't want
anyone to know you're here...
Come on!
You've got mail!
What?!
Ignore that!
Ignoring that...
Okay, um... I want you to
analyze this video
and I want you to watch how this person
is talking and analyze it, so that you can
speak more human.
Okay, Shawn...
Welcome to the kill count, where we tally
up the victims in all our favorite
horror movies, I'm James A. Janisse
Processing...
and today we're looking at
Indestructible released in 2009.
Analysis complete...
Is this correct, Shawn?
That's better, sounds a little more human.
All right, want you to go
around the back and while you're doing
it...
coming around the front
to knock on the front
door, I want you to observe
any human behavior you see.
Understood, Shawn...
Tracking, tracking,
tracking, tracking,
Girl, I just walked away!
Analysis complete...
Tracking, tracking,
tracking, tracking,
Analysis complete...
I'll get it...
Regina, come on in.
Why are you walking like that?
I observed
human
behavior...
Okay, you can
stop... okay, walk normal,
come on.
Okay, Shawn...
Mom, Aisha, Maggie...
this is my friend, Regina.
Nice to meet you, Regina.
It is nice to
meet you too...
I'm Maggie.
I'm Aisha.
It's nice to meet you,
Aisha...
Hi, I'm Shawn's mom, Sharon... so how long
have you known my son?
Since, yesterday...
Where did you two meet?
His bedroom...
I thought you said nobody
was in your room last night?!
That's right, I am nobody...
Shawn, kitchen now!
Okay Shawn, what is that girl on?
She's not
on anything!
Oh bull, don't give me that, no girl talks
like that unless she's on drugs or from
outer space!
Mom, she's not on drugs... she doesn't even
know what drugs are.
Then why does she talk like that?
She
can't help the way she talks, she's from
India.
Well, I don't like her, I don't know why
you want to be with a girl like that,
you had a good thing going with Ria.
Mom,
Ria was no prize, she was only after me
for my money,
she never really loved me.
And you think
this Indian girl loves you?
Regina is not my girlfriend!
And that's why she was in your bedroom
well into two in the morning and why
you've been keeping her a secret from the
rest of us?
Because I knew this was how you would
react, besides who's to say I can't have
a female friend
in my room with me and not be in a
relationship with her?
Because I know
different!
Kalyani's in my room all the time, you
never question that!
You and Kalyani have been friends since
you were children.
And who says I can't make a new female
friend?
I do, I forbid it!
Tough...
now tonight I am going to have a dinner
party
to introduce Regina to the rest of my
friends and I don't want you messing it
up!
Regina, uh... can you go upstairs and
wait for me in my bedroom.
Okay, Shawn...
So, what do you guys think?
Well, she's a
weirdo...
but considering that you
are a nerd, you are
perfect for each other.
Shut up, Aisha...
I think she's nice, Shawn.
Thanks, Maggs.
Well, I'm going to go upstairs...
let me know when, uh Matthew gets here.
Okay, will do.
Thanks, Maggs.
Shawn, Matthew's here.
Okay...
tell him I'll be right down...
Ragina, while I'm
down there,
in case somebody comes in, I want you to
be watching videos on this.
Okay, Shawn... command accepted...
Hey, Matthew. Hey there.
How you been doing,
my friend?
Great, great. Good.
So, tell me what's the
latest in the tech?
Any big ones lately?
I have, I just came up with something huge.
So, is this going to be the one that
finally pulls you into a military
contract?
Matthew, is there a time when we are
going to get together...
where you are not going to try to pull
me into signing
some military crap?
Shawn, look
you're a genius with the tech, everything
I've ever seen
from you has been perfect for military
and that's what I do for a living... so,
what did... what do you expect?
I expect my friend to keep business
out of our friendship.
What are you so
scared of, I mean
one of these projects would be millions
of dollars in your pocket.
I have told you, I don't want to sign
with military,
because they will use it to kill people,
it's not about the money.
You do know that the military uses tech
for other things besides killing people,
right?
It's not the military I'm worried about,
it's the politicians
that will use the military
to kill people!
You know you're
unbelievable man.
You know what...
I'm done having this conversation, you
can go.
All right...
You know, you're making a big mistake!
So Amelie, what seems to be the problem
today?
I can't seem to get any sleep, I keep on
having the same
dream.
Okay, well...
describe this dream to me.
Okay... well, um
it all starts when I'm all alone out in
these woods
and this scary man wearing a black
hooded shirt
is stalking me.
Describe this man to me,
Amelie.
Okay... well, he's got these, um
he's got these four leather straps
around his wrists,
and uh, he's got long dark hair,
and oh um, a goatee and a mustache,
and oh he's got these...
Fiery red eyes!
Amelie, that's a very vivid dream
But that's not even the worst part of it
all, uh he's got these two girls helping
him.
Can you describe the girls to me?
Okay,
one seems to be in her early 20's, and
she's got medium length brown hair, uh
she's dressed in a black leather jacket,
and black jeans.
And the other, um she's probably about 12
years old,
and she's got long blonde hair, uh
and she's got a black leather outfit on,
oh and she's got these spiky gauntlets
on her wrists,
and spiky choker...
Oh and they both they both have these
fiery red eyes, like their father!
Okay, Amelie... um,
I can definitely help you, uh with this
dream issue that you're having, um I see
it all the time.
Oh, okay... thank you, doctor.
Amelie, can you hear me?
Yes, doctor... I can hear you...
And you're ready to listen to me and
only me?
Correct, you and only you...
Amelie, these dreams you're having
are the result of watching way too many
scary movies.
I know this because the dream you're
describing,
accurately describes a film that I've
just watched
called Indestructible: No Place to Hide.
Now from this moment forward, you will no
longer watch scary movies.
I will no longer watch scary movies...
From this point forward, you will only
watch children's
or family oriented films.
I will only watch children's or
family oriented films...
Good, now listen to me very carefully,
since I have helped you out so much
today,
you are so grateful to me that you
want to pay me double.
I want to pay you double...
Amelie, when I snap my fingers you will
awaken from this trance and remember
nothing while you were under, except for
that you want to pay me double.
Yes, doctor...
Amelie, how do you feel?
I feel wonderful...
I'm so appreciative of what you've done
for me,
ah... I'm gonna pay you
double!
Really, um
well, why don't you go ahead and go into
that next room and see Miss Suzi,
she'll take care of all of that.
All right,
thank you, doctor.
You have a great day.
You too.
How's your day going so far, Dr. Wheeler?
Not too shabby, Matthew... what brings you
by?
I'm just a little frustrated right now.
What's going on?
I'm just frustrated
because I'm trying to get my friend, Shawn
to sign this contract
to, uh work with me a bit, he's a genius
with the tech, and he'd make millions on
a military contract, I just can't get him
to sign.
You know I can get
this Shawn guy to sign this contract no
problem.
And how would you do that?
I am the best psychiatrist for a reason,
I can get anybody to do anything.
Not sure I believe you, okay.
You doubt me, Matthew...
I don't normally do this, but I'll prove
it to you.
How?
Are there any girls or a
woman you have your eye on?
Yeah,
there's this cute waitress named Samaira
that works at this restaurant, I've had
my eye on for quite a while.
Great let's go grab a bite to eat.
Show me.
Shawn, I learned something new,
would you like to see?
Sure, Regina.
Okay, Shawn...
This robot has a style that you can't
deny...
This robot has a style no one can deny...
This robot has the style to dance the
night away...
What do you think, homie?
That was cute and all, but please don't
do that again...
and don't call me homie.
Whatever you say,
dog...
Don't call me dog either,
my name is Shawn... you know that.
Okay, Shawn... but you're no fun...
If you really want to look up some stuff
on this...
Here, look up videos
on human behavior of how
people interact when they
are in a loving relationship, okay...
since I'm probably gonna have to be passing
you off
as my girlfriend now.
Okay, Shawn...
Command accepted...
Hey, back again I see... can I get you your
regular?
Uh no, thank you... we're gonna look this
menu over a little bit, okay.
Okay, well let me know when you're ready
to order.
Is that her?
Yeah, lovely isn't she?
If you say so... now
I want you to get her attention, bring her
back over here,
and have her take your order.
Okay, I can
do that...
ma'am.
You ready?
Thank you, um I think I will actually
have my usual today,
but instead of, uh ketchup can I get
mustard?
And you?
Samaira, can you hear me?
Yes,
I can hear you...
Good,
Now you're ready to listen to me and only
me, yes?
Yes,
I'll listen to you and only you...
Samaira, are you married?
No
I'm not married...
Do you have a boyfriend?
Yes, I have a boyfriend...
Okay, listen to me very carefully, you're
going to call your boyfriend,
you're going to break up with him, you're
going to tell him
you never want to see him again, and you
never want him to contact you
ever again, do you understand?
Yes, I
understand...
Good, now call him now.
Yes,
I will obey...
And when you make this call,
you will sound completely normal, not
like you were in this deep trance.
Yes, I understand...
Hey, it's me... I'm calling to let you know
that it's over,
I never want to see you again, don't
contact me again,
I'm done with you, bye.
Well done, now look at Matthew.
As you command...
Matthew is now your boyfriend, you love
your boyfriend,
and you will do whatever he wants you to
do, do you understand?
Yes, whatever he wants...
Matthew, write down your address
and give it to her.
This is your address, this is where you
live,
do you understand?
Yes, I understand...
Good, now I need you to look at me,
When I snap my fingers you will remember
nothing of what just happened
you will just continue to take our order,
do you understand?
Yes, continue with your order...
What can I get you?
I'll have exactly
what he's having, thank you.
I can't wait for the night, baby... I'm
going to fix us
a nice romantic dinner.
I cannot believe that that actually
worked.
Well, I can easily do the exact same
thing
to your buddy Shawn and get him to sign
your contract...
or any contract you want him to.
But first...
Excuse me, Miss.
Yes...
Can you hear me?
I can hear you...
When I snap my fingers you'll remember
nothing of what you just heard, do you
understand?
I understand...
Hey Shawn what's up?
Hey Kalyani, I was
wondering if you could do me a favor?
Uh, yeah sure... what's up?
Well, I'm having a
dinner party tonight to introduce
all the rest of my friends to Regina and
uh, I was wondering if you could stop by
Matthew Hudson's office and invite him?
Yeah, but why can't you just call him and
ask him?
You know how he's always, uh... bugging me
to sign a military contract?
Yeah.
Well, I gave him a definite no
earlier today and I think he's still mad
about it.
Okay, well... yeah, um
I'll just go ahead and
swing by I'm almost there anyway.
All right thanks, Kalyani... you're a
lifesaver.
I know and listen after you modeled your
sexbot after me...
you're gonna owe me for a lifetime.
But you know Regina is no sexbot.
Okay, whatever you have to tell yourself
to sleep at night,
anyway, um I'll just go ahead and get off
here, because I'm almost here, okay.
All right, thanks... bye.
Bye.
And you're sure you can get him to sign
that contract?
How many times do I have to tell you,
with my psychiatric skills
I can literally get anybody to do
anything...
but if I do this for you,
what's in it for me?
Well, I mean
his family's rich, so... if you wanted to
you could hypnotize them and have them
give you their money.
That would be great, you just better be
right
about Shawn's family having the money,
that I can
persuade them to give to me.
Excuse me,
what do you think you're doing snooping
out here!
What is going on out here?
I caught this
girl snooping!
No...
no, I, I was just here to ask Matthew a
question?
Um, I think you should accompany me and
Dr. Doug into the office
for a quick chat.
That'll be all, Suzi.
Let go of me!
Now be honest, how much of that did you
hear?
I didn't hear anything... honest.
Relax.
You really think you're gonna, you think
you're gonna hypnotize me?
Look close.
It's not gonna work...
Sit down.
Can you hear me? Yes, doctor...
And you're
ready to listen to me
and only me?
Yes, listen to you
and only you...
Who is this girl?
This is Shawn's best friend, Kalyani.
Kalyani, how much did you hear earlier?
I heard everything about making Shawn
sign the contract and stealing money
from his family...
What was the real reason you came to
Matthew's office today?
To invite him to a dinner party, where
Shawn's introducing his new girlfriend,
Regina...
Good, Kalyani...
you will forget overhearing everything
you heard earlier
and you only came by to invite me
and Matthew to this dinner party tonight,
do you understand?
I understand...
Good, now when I snap my
fingers,
you will have forgotten everything,
except for what I have told you to
remember,
do you understand?
Yes, doctor...
It was so nice to meet you, I'll see you
two at the dinner party.
Mom, Aisha... I know how you two are,
control yourself this party.
I know how to behave in my own house.
What... I'm what they
do anything to ruin your
precious party.
Hey, beautiful.
Hey, sexy.
Hey, so I did invite Matthew like
you asked, but he's
bringing his friend, Dr. Wheeler.
Oh okay. Okay.
All right.
Hi all... so,
how are you doing, Regina?
Hello, Kalyani...
I love you...
Ragina...
you're not supposed to show that kind of
affection to anyone but your boyfriend.
I'm sorry, Shawn...
I love you...
Don't worry, Shawn...
we can share her.
Matthew. Shawn.
And who is this?
This is my friend, Dr. Wheeler.
Dr.
Doug Wheeler,
at your service.
Nice to meet you, come on in.
Mom, everyone... I'd like you meet
Matthew's friend, Dr. Doug Wheeler.
Nice to meet you...
Hi, Dr. Wheeler, welcome to our home.
Please...
call me, Doug.
Okay, Doug... I'm Sharon, Shawn's mom and
this is my daughter, Aisha.
Nice to meet you.
And this is my youngest, Maggie. Hi.
Nice
to meet you.
Who could that be, everyone I invited
is already here.
What the hell are you doing here?
Your mom invited me.
She what??
Mom, I know what you're trying to
do here
it's not gonna work!
Oh Shawn, don't be so melodramatic...
Now let's all sit down and eat.
That was a great meal, thank you.
Well...
thank you, Matt.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
So, listen...
me and Dr. Wheeler have a business
proposition that we were hoping to talk
to you about,
um, and I was wondering if it would be
possible for, uh Dr. Wheeler to spend the
night here
in the spare room?
Oh sure, that's fine,
you can stay anytime and as well as your
friends.
Excellent, well I'm going back to my
apartment to spend the evening with
Samaira...
would one of you guys mind to show Dr.
Doug to the spare room?
Sure, Matthew... I
can do that.
Great
thanks, see you guys later.
Seriously Shawn, what are you see in this
girl over me?
Because she's not just out for my money,
you never didn't care about me.
I was not just after your money and
she's just some loser that can't talk
right.
You are not all that, home girl...
Regina, you don't need to help, I got this.
Hey, what did I miss?
Oh, not much really...
oh, unless you'd count Ria verbally
assaulting Regina,
that's really it.
So, why do you care, why are you even here?
Come on, Shawn... we had some fun times, we
can again.
Fun times... you only wanted me around to
show off to your friends that you had a
rich boyfriend.
That's not true.
Okay...
name one place that we went, that didn't
have your high society
friends around?
What do you mean?
We never could go to a regular fast food
restaurant like McDonald's.
You always had to go to those expensive
restaurants.
So, I like good food, not junk food.
How's about we go out to a normal place,
like a karaoke bar and hang out with normal
people.
Are you kidding me those places are
filled with losers and drunks!
So, you're proving my point?
No...
fine, where is this karaoke bar I'll meet
you there.
It's at Hardrider.
Come along, Regina... let's have some fun.
Okay, Shawn...
Ready to have fun...
Hey Shawn, do you mind if I bring Stormy
along?
Yeah, sure... yeah, the more the merrier.
Thanks, Shawn.
My friend, Holly would love
to come...
but I'm gonna go see my boyfriend.
Why does she always have to be so stuck up?
All right, let's go.
Hey mom, what's going on?
Hey honey,
I was just calling to see if you were
done with your dinner party yet?
Yeah, we just finished dinner, we're about
to head out to karaoke.
Oh, okay... I thought you were coming back
home,
but you go ahead and have fun.
No mom, I'll be home in a minute.
Okay honey, thank you.
See you in a minute, okay... bye.
Um, I'm really sorry, Shawn but I'm not
gonna go tonight... mom hasn't been feeling
well and
I just don't want to leave her.
It's okay,
Kalyani, I understand.
Okay, um... bye everyone.
Bye, Kalyani.
Bye, Shawn.
Hey Shawn, thanks again for letting Stormy
tag along.
Hey,
anything for my little sister.
Guess if we're going out, Regina...
I guess I
don't need this on.
Don't need a monkey suit anyway.
Good job, Holly.
Thank you, Shawn.
Please welcome our next singer, Bailey.
Shawn, you're gonna sing?
Yeah, I think so.
Shawn, it's bad enough you brought us out
here, now you're gonna
humiliate yourself as
well?
Hey, you don't have to sing, but I came
out here
to have fun.
Good for you,
baby...
Regina, that's the first time you've
referred to me
as anything but Shawn in front of people.
I'm sorry...
No, I liked it, sweetie...
Is everything okay, Shawn?
Yeah, everything's fine... got my song,
I'm gonna take it up.
Hey Shawn, how's karaoke night going?
Kalyani, we need to talk.
What's going on?
I got a big problem.
What's wrong?
I think I'm falling in love with,
Regina.
Shawn, did you just say that you're
falling in love with your own robot?
Kalyani, this is serious what am I
gonna do?
What do you mean, what are you gonna do?
I gotta try to stop myself from feeling
this way, that's not what I built her
for.
Shawn... okay, I know this wasn't your
intention,
but now you just have to stop looking at
her as your robot.
If you're in love with her, you need to
treat her like any other girl
that you're in love with.
How am I
supposed to do that?
Easy... just be yourself
and don't think of her as a robot,
think of her as a girl that you love.
Thanks, Kalyani.
And Shawn remember,
if you mess this relationship up... I got
dibs on her next.
Yeah, sure you do... bye.
Bye.
I didn't know Maggie could sing
Yeah,
must be one of those hidden talents
she's been keeping from us.
Good job, Maggs... I'm proud of you.
Thanks, Shawn.
All right, up next is Shawn.
This is for Regina, the love of my life.
So, have all you kids been keeping
this hidden talent from me?
Pretty much... definitely.
I'll be right back, I'm gonna go get me a
drink.
Okay, sweetie.
Well done, Shawn... you just gave me my
perfect way to get you back.
What are you talking about?
I propose
that both me and your girl...
Regina, do a song and
whoever gets the best reaction out of
this crowd is the one that you'll be
with,
that is if Regina isn't afraid.
You know
what Ria,
that's a great idea, but if she beats you,
you don't get to come around me anymore.
You're on, but when I beat her,
she has to do the same thing with you.
Okay...
you got a deal, write down your song.
thanks, you're as good as mine again, I
didn't win all those singing contests as
a kid for nothing.
Okay Regina, now I want you to
analyze this video, so you can sing this
song.
Okay, Shawn...
Hey man, my girlfriend and my
ex-girlfriend here,
are going to do a competition, can you
inform the crowd?
Sure thing man, no problem, sounds cool.
Get used to a lot of that because your
retard of a girlfriend stands no chance
beating me.
How are you coming sweetie?
Analysis complete...
Ready to kick her ass, baby...
What did I miss?
Ria just challenged Regina
to a karaoke competition.
How come I always miss the good stuff?
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, we're about to
get interactive...
the next two singers coming up on stage
will be doing a competition
for the biggest crowd reaction, our first
competitor
is the lovely, Ria!
Beat that you loser...
All right, let's keep this competition
rolling,
up next is Regina!
This is for you, Shawn.
I've always been competitive and I'm not
used to losing...
so, I'm not a good loser, but tonight
the best girl won, congratulations.
Goodbye, Shawn.
Ria, stop...
come here, look
I know the agreement was if you lost
that you could never come around me
again, but I think I was wrong...
you really do care about me.
I do.
Then I don't see any reason why we can't
remain friends.
Is that okay with you, Regina?
Any friend of Shawn's is a friend of mine.
Thank you, thank you both.
Okay, first I think we need to get this
Regina girl
in here and we'll get her to get the
rest of them
in here for us.
Okay, you wait here, I'll
go bring her in.
Ah, hi Regina, Dr. Doug Wheeler would like
to see you for a moment in the spare
room.
Okay, Matthew...
She's coming.
Hello Dr. Wheeler, what did you want to
see me about?
Look into my crystal, Regina...
you will do whatever I want you to won't
you?
No, I will not...
Yes, yes you will, just
look into the crystal... you are falling
into a deep trance.
I am not...
Yes,
yes you are, you are
in a deep trance!
I don't
think so...
Hang on!
Okay, Dr...
I don't understand it... I've never had
anybody not fall under my control.
So, what are you gonna do now?
I, I'm just
gonna
ask... see if she'll go get each one of
these people and bring them back here
for us.
Sorry about that, Regina...
um, could you do
me a favor
and run and get Sharon for me, so we can
discuss that, uh business deal that we
were talking about last night.
Okay, Dr. I will bring her to
meet with you...
Thank you.
Mama Kent, Dr. Wheeler would like to
see you...
Don't call me that!
I guess it's about that business
proposal that we're talking about at
dinner last night.
I do not know, he would not tell me.
Figures, well where are they?
He and
Matthew are waiting for you in the spare
room...
Hi Dr. Wheeler, you wanted to see me?
Yeah,
Sharon...
please call me Doug.
Oh... yes, Doug.
Have a seat, make yourself comfortable.
So, I guess this is about that business
proposal we discussed at dinner
yesterday.
Indeed it is you know this business
deal
is going to make me... excuse me,
make us a lot of money.
Go ahead, I'm listening.
Sharon, let me
show you
what will make us all of that money.
Sharon, can you hear me?
Yes, Doug...
Good and you're ready to listen to me
and only me?
Yes, Doug to you and only you...
Sharon,
how much money do you have in this house
right now?
About $155,000 in the bedroom...
Okay, do you have any other valuables
in this house?
Yes, I do...
Good, now I need you to go get them
and bring them back to me, you understand?
Yes, Doug...
Good, now go do as I said.
Very profitable indeed...
Regina, would you please come back in here?
Yes, Dr...
Can you please tell, Aisha
that I need to see her too?
Okay, Dr...
Aisha, Dr. Wheeler would like to see you...
What does he want to see me for?
I do not
know
he would not tell me...
I don't blame him,
I wouldn't give you much info either.
Hey Dr. Wheeler, you said you needed to
see me?
Yes
Aisha, please call me Doug.
I prefer
Dr. Wheeler.
Suit yourself, please have a
seat,
make yourself comfortable.
What's all
this about?
So, we have a business proposition that
you might be interested in getting in on.
It's not like our family needs money, we're
rich.
But wait,
look at this craftsmanship.
Aisha, can you hear me?
Yes, Dr. I can
hear you...
You're ready to listen to me and only me?
Yes, Dr. I will listen to you
and only you...
How much money do you have in your room?
I have about
$15,000 in my bedroom safe...
Do you have any other valuables, jewelry,
etc.
Yes, I do...
Okay, now you will go get them
and bring them back to me, understood?
Yes,
Dr...
Good, now go.
Regina, can you please come back in here?
Yes, Dr...
I need you to do the same
with Maggie for me,
please?
Understood...
Command accepted...
It's almost like I have her under my
control...
Hey bro, working on a new piece of tech?
Something like that.
Where's your girlfriend?
Maggs, I wish you wouldn't call her my
girlfriend.
Sorry... so where is Regina?
I guess she's
downstairs.
Everything all right with you two?\
Yeah,
everything's great.
Good, you know I'm probably the only
person in this family that likes her
and wants you two together.
You really like her, huh?
Definitely, she's
a little different, but a huge
improvement over that witch, Ria.
Well, Ria kind of, uh redeemed herself
last night.
Yeah, I know... anyways I gotta look after
my big brother, right?
I will let to get back to work.
Later, Maggs.
Maggie, Dr. Wheeler would like to
see you in the spare room...
Okay, Regina... what does he want?
He would not tell me...
Okay, Regina...
thanks.
Uh, hi Dr. Wheeler, you wanted to see me
Hey,
Maggie... call me Doug.
Okay, Doug.
Have a seat make yourself comfortable.
Now what's this all about?
So, your mother
tells me
that you've been having difficulty
concentrating in school.
No more than anyone else, why would she
come to you about that?
Because I have a really great relaxation
technique that I think you would greatly
benefit from.
Maggie, can you hear me?
Yes, Dr...
You're ready to listen to me and only me?
Yes, Dr. I'll listen to you and only you...
How much money do you have in your room?
About $10,000...
Any other jewelry, valuables, etc.
Yes, I do.
Good,
now you will go get them and bring them
back to me, understood?
Yes. Dr...
Good,
now go.
Regina, can you please come back in here?
Yes, Dr. what would you like me to do
now?
Hey Regina, we need you to get your
boyfriend, Shawn
and have him come in here, me and Matthew
have something we need to discuss with
him.
Understood... command accepted...
Mom, what are you doing?
I'm giving Dr.
Wheeler
all our money and valuables...
Why... he's a psychiatrist not a
televangelist?
Aisha, you're not going to believe...
Can't talk
now Shawn, must get my money
and valuables ready for Doug...
What is
going on with you two?
We must give our money to Doug...
Maggs, you mind if I come in?
Sure, Shawn...
You are not going to believe what's
going on with
Aisha and Mom... oh no, not you too.
I must get all my money...
I know and you
have to give them to Dr. Wheeler!
Oh, you understand, would you like to help?
No... I'm gonna go back to my room and
try and figure out what's going on.
Okay,
have fun...
Shawn, I have been looking for you...
Why is that, Regina?
Dr. Wheeler
and Matthew Hudson wanted me to find you
and bring you to
the spare room...
Why do they want to see me?
I do not know, they would not tell me...
Are they doing anything strange in there?
Not
that I could tell,
but the Dr. did want to show me his
crystal
for some reason...
Crystal...
what crystal?
I do not know,
a crystal he seems to keep on a chain in
his pocket...
That's it, he hypnotized them!
What is hypnotized?
Regina, I want you to
watch this video and analyze it.
Okay, Shawn... analyzing...
If you can really cure my head...
Tracking, tracking...
You shall see nothing,
hear nothing,
dream of nothing,
but Svengali...
Svengali...
So, if he waves that crystal in your face
again,
this time you'll act like you're
hypnotized by him,
and pretend to be under his control.
Analysis complete... I now know
what is hypnotized and can effectively
pretend to be hypnotized...
Good, all right... just go back to the room
and tell them
you couldn't find me.
But Shawn, I did find
you...
Yeah, but he doesn't know that.
Oh
I think I understand, you're teaching me
about
lying...
Now you're getting a picture.
Picture?
Now, you understand.
Yes, Shawn... now I understand...
All right, so go to the room, just make
sure
that you record all of their
conversation when they think that they
have you hypnotized,
that way I'll know exactly what their plan
is.
Okay, Shawn...
I understand...
I'm sorry, Dr. I was not able
to find Shawn...
Is there anything else I can do
to be of service?
Give me one moment.
So, what are we going to do now, we have
to get Shawn in here.
Don't worry, I think I can get Regina
fully under my control.
How... it didn't work last time?
I think I have that part figured out now,
I just need to get Regina to relax before I
show her the crystal.
Okay, give it a shot.
Dr...
Okay, Regina... this is what I need you to
do, I want you to go ahead and have a seat
right here.
I need you to sit here and become
completely relaxed
and release all of the stress out of
your body.
And why are we doing this again,
Dr...
Regina, can you hear me?
Yes, Doug... I can hear you...
What's wrong?
I can't tell... she seems to
talk like that all the time.
Well, just test her out then.
Regina, you are ready to do whatever I say,
right?
Yes, I will do whatever you say...
You will go get Shawn
and bring him back in here, won't you?
Yes, I will find Shawn and bring him back
here
to you...
Good...
So, we'll send her back to get him,
when she brings him back in here, I'll
hypnotize him,
get him to sign your military contract...
then when his mother and his two sisters
come back in here with all their money
and jewelry,
and everything else that we want, we'll
grab it,
and get out of here.
Sounds like a plan.
Okay, Regina... you will go
and do as I commanded and bring Shawn
back in here.
Yes, whatever you say, my master...
I have never had someone so far under my
control
they called me master.
Well...
congratulations.
So, how'd it go?
I must obey,
Dr. Wheeler now...
What?
Just kidding...
Regina, you...
I taught you how to lie, but you're not
supposed to use that on me...
I'm your creator.
I'm sorry, Shawn...
Did you, uh did you get it recorded?
Yes, I recorded all of
their conversation...
Good, sit down.
Alright, let's see what we got.
Transfering, transfering, transfering...
Transfer complete...
Send her back to get him, when she brings
him back in here,
I'll hypnotize him get him to sign your
military contract,
then when his mother and his two sisters
come back in here with all of their
money and jewelry,
and everything else that we want, we'll
grab it
and get out of here.
Sounds like a plan.
Can't believe Matthew's in on this with
him.
What are we going to do, Shawn?
I got a plan, I want you to use your
lasers in your eyes to infuse a shield
over the lenses on my glasses to protect
me
from Doug's hypnosis.
Okay, Shawn...
Fusing lenses now...
Fuse complete...
Okay, all right...
I want you to snap out the rest of the
family from the trances,
I'm gonna call the police.
Okay, Shawn...
Move, Regina... I must get by...
No...
I must give all my money to Dr. Wheeler,
move...
I'm sorry...
Maggie, when I snap my fingers, you will
remember
everything Dr. Wheeler did to you...
Yes, I understand, I will remember
everything...
Maggie, are you okay?
Yeah, thanks Regina... how could he do this
to us?
Oh... mom, Aisha...
It is okay, Shawn will take care of
everything, you just need to wait here
until the police arrive.
Now, go put your valuables and
money away...
Thanks, Regina.
No problem, Maggs.
Let me through, we must give our money to
Doug...
I'm sorry...
Why do I have this?
Dr.
Wheeler, he hypnotized you
and told you to give him all of your
money
and valuables...
Oh my god!
It's okay, Shawn has already called the
police,
why don't you go wait with maggie until
the police arrive...
Okay.
Stop...
Move out of my way...
I'm sorry...
What is this?
Dr. Wheeler, he
hypnotized you to try to take
all of your money and valuables...
I'll kill him!
No, Shawn will
take care of him, go and put your stuff
away,
and meet with the rest of the family
and wait for the police...
Fine, just wait on the cops.
Are you ready to do this?
As ready as I'll ever be,
you make this look good.
I will...
All right, let's do it.
I brought Shawn to you, my master...
Let me go!
Thank you, Regina.
What did you do to her?
Same thing that I did
to the rest of your family,
the same thing that I'm about to do to
you.
No your not.
I'm not looking at it!
Look at the crystal, you cannot
resist...
Shawn, can you hear me?
Yes,
I can hear you...
You can let him go, Regina.
Are you ready to listen to me and only
me?
Yes, I will listen to you and only you...
Good, Matthew... contract.
You will sign this contract.
I will sign the contract...
Hey, hey... settle down, stop which one
of you is Shawn?
That would be me!
What do you have for me?
This guy has been hypnotizing my family
members
trying to get them to give him all of
their money and he tried to hypnotize me
to sign this contract!
These are outrageous and
untrue accusations!
Hey, calm down now, let him
finish... let me see
what you got?
Listen to that.
When she brings him
I'll hypnotize him get him to sign your
military contract,
then when his mother and his two sisters
come back in here with all their money
and jewelry,
everything else that we want, grab it
Thank you, you're coming with me!
You are not going anywhere...
Ah, thank you.
I got it, come on.
I love you.
I know...
Let's go.
Stay. Officer. Yes
This one here the
Dr.
he's got the crystal he used to
hypnotize them...
Where?
In his front pocket.
What, what is this?
Where'd you get this from?
You don't know how lucky you are, if these
police officers weren't here, I do a hell
of a lot worse then that to you,
get them out of my sight!
I see it, now your supposed to go.
Matthew, we were like brothers...
Yet you betray me for a stupid contract!
Get him out of my sight!
All right,
what contract... let's go!
Yeah, the cop is driving off with Matthew
and
that creepy Dr. Wheeler
in the back of the squad car.
Well, I hate to say it, but thank goodness
for Shawn and his girlfriend Regina.
Yeah, I know Shawn and Regina really came
through for the family when we really
needed them.
Yeah, if it weren't for them, you would
have lost
all your money to that weirdo.
I know, I
know,
I get it.
So...
maybe you should lighten up on the
two of them from now on.
You're right, maybe Shawn isn't the unless
nerd that I thought he was, but Regina's
just so odd,
this is gonna be tough.
Come on, babe.
Okay, okay... I'll try.
That's my girl.
I guess maybe I was too harsh with you
welcome to the family.
Hey, can't I get in on this?
Oh, come here, baby.
I was looking for you Shawn why are you
in quiet mode it is not past midnight
what on earth
Flash...
camera's rolling oh
we were in it
the camera's rolling
and action
Yeah it would be different if you'd make
an actual career out of it
you should sign a military deal with
your friend Matthew Broderick
Matthew Hudson, oh my god.
Matthew Broderick...
wow, he became famous.
at this marksmenship...
they both have the same
fiery red
eyes as their father
sorry
Hi Dr. Wheeler I'm Susan, Sharon's
Sharon... Shawn's mom, okay it's like.
You
want me that's where you're making sure
yeah am.
I'm still doing the please call me
doug before she continues
or right, right okay yeah okay actually
action what actually.
Regina, power up
Power up.
That's cute, Regina... but uh don't do that
again please.
Whatever you say, homie...
Write down your address and give it to
To her...
It's not like we need the money our
family's rich.
Well, take a look at the marksmanship
here.
Real cute, you enjoying yourself?
Oh mellow out.
You can just pick up...
Regina is not my
girlfriend
Oh, that's why you're in... she was in your
bedroom well until two in the morning
and you
we're keeping your secret from the rest
of us
action
Can you go find that
i was still thinking about the krusty
robot
You are not gonna believe this
All right and action
So, go snap the rest of them out
while we plan to take him out.
Okay, Shawn...